---
title: Chinese Electric Vertical Take-Off and Landing aircraft
categories: ['News']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/l6STHe6LNV4/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-10T19:47:58
videos: 2024-07-10-19-43-16
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
China gives green light to mass produce electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft, marking a significant advancement in the nation’s ‘low-altitude economy’. Industries focused on operations within 1,000 meters of sea level, especially aviation, are expected to be worth trillions of yuan by 2030.  In this video, we will explore how this low-altitude economy creates a whole new business dimension in China as well as abroad.  
<br/><br/>
China has granted its inaugural production license for an electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft, thereby strengthening its foothold in the global competition to expand commercial uses and secure a larger market share in this emerging tech-centric sector. The EH216-S, an autonomous eVTOL aircraft designed to carry passengers, was awarded a production certificate by the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) on Sunday, April 7, 2024, as per a social media update from the aircraft’s producer, EHang. The vehicle had previously received its type and standard airworthiness certificates, both prerequisites for commercial usage, from the CAAC last year. Hu Huazhi, the founder and chairman of the Guangzhou-based firm, stated that the production certificate represents a significant milestone for the EH216-S as it transitions into the phase of mass production. It’s also a crucial step for EHang in progressing its commercial operations. The company has touted each certification as a world-first for eVTOL aircraft.
<br/><br/>
The low-altitude economy signifies a fresh start for the eVTOL industry in China, presenting immense opportunities both within the country and on the global stage. Backed by the Central and provincial governments, this burgeoning low-altitude economy is poised for rapid and imminent growth. It offers local residents a novel alternative for local transportation, and the reality of air taxis in China is fast approaching.