---
title: Vietnam Seeks China's Support for High-Speed Rail Project
categories: ['News']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/dkbYfg4cMDk/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-10T11:56:58
videos: 2024-07-10-11-54-17
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Vietnam is seeking China's assistance in railway design, construction, and technology transfer to support its industrialization and modernization efforts. Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh emphasized the importance of China's railway development capabilities during his speech at the Dalian World Economic Forum. The Vietnamese government is open to Chinese investment and cooperation in railway construction, talent cultivation, and technology transfer. Key projects include the Lao Cai-Hanoi-Haiphong, Dong Dang-Hanoi, and Mong Cai-Ha Long-Haiphong railways, aimed at enhancing cross-border connectivity and urban rail transit in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City.
<br/><br/>
Vietnam plans to build cross-border railways linking China's Yunnan Province with Haiphong and Dongxing City with Haiphong. Additionally, a high-speed rail project connecting northern and southern Vietnam is expected to commence in 2026-2027, with China's support. This project will significantly boost Vietnam's GDP growth, enhance transport efficiency, and promote economic development.
<br/><br/>
The Vietnamese government aims to start construction on two high-speed railways by 2030, connecting Hanoi with Lang Son Province and Quang Ninh Province with Lao Cai Province. These projects will improve regional transportation infrastructure and national competitiveness. Past attempts to collaborate with Japan were hindered by high costs, but cooperation with China is expected to overcome these challenges.
<br/><br/>
Vietnam's existing railway system is outdated and in urgent need of upgrading. The development of high-speed rail has been discussed for years, with differing opinions on whether to upgrade existing railways or build new ones. The national high-speed rail is projected to boost annual GDP growth by 1% from 2025 to 2037 if designed for both passenger and freight transport. Despite challenges, cooperation with China is anticipated to help Vietnam modernize its railway system, reduce carbon emissions, and achieve sustainable development goals.