---
title: Miraculous Father and Son Detectives 5 - Mystical Number
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/ys3A3KTqhgM/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-06T14:37:08
videos: 2024-07-06-14-34-57
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
The University of Edinburgh, located in the French Concession, dug up two bodies when a well was dug in the southeast corner of the campus. After hearing the news, Inspector Chen from the patrol room brought his son Tiansheng to the scene. According to the structure of the corpse, Tiansheng preliminarily deduced that the deceased was a man and a woman; when appraising the watches, earrings and rings found at the scene of the corpse, the forensic doctor Han Ling was horrified and painful to find that the woman among the dead was actually a woman who disappeared suddenly ten years ago. Mother Song Min, the other male deceased should be the mother's colleague Liang Zhongping. The strange and horrifying discovery plunged Han Ling into painful memories: Ten years ago, on December 17, 1921, her mother and her colleague Liang Zhongping went to Beijing for a business trip, and they never heard from her again. Looking for clues from Han Ling's memories, Inspector Chen and his son Tiansheng came to visit Liang Zhongping's widow, Zhou Xinmei.
<br/><br/>
Since her husband Liang Zhongping disappeared, the school arranged for Zhou Xinmei to take charge of the school library with her mentally abnormal son Liang Yuan. Visiting Zhou Xinmei, Tiansheng not only learned that Song Min, Liang Zhongping, and Wang Shijie were three professors at the school ten years ago under the tutelage of Song Min's husband Han Daren, and had been engaged in scientific research for a long time, but also found that Liang Yuan, who was mentally abnormal, was particularly sensitive to numbers, especially It is the involuntary chanting of numbers such as 1921 1217 1428, which attracts natural attention. Born to deliberately stimulate Liang Yuan, he found out from Liang Yuan's mouth that the principal Tang of the school was related to the murder of Song Min and Liang Zhongping ten years ago. Inspector Chen investigates President Tang, and he was born to meet Wang Shijie, who has been far away from the academic world and is now an alcoholic. Min's ideas clashed with Liang Zhongping several times. However, it turned out that neither Wang Shijie nor Principal Tang was the murderer.Dispelling the doubts about Wang Shijie and Principal Tang, the goal is to approach Zhou Xinmei. Wang Shijie's recollection showed that Zhou Xinmei had indeed shown signs of poisoning Song Min and her husband Liang Zhongping to death. At this time, Zhou Xinmei's memories and Liang Yuan's abnormal reaction to the numbers when he was absent-minded locked the "murderer" on Liang Yuan. Liang Yuan, who once poisoned rats with candy-filled candy, was arrested by the police station. The case seems to be closed, but there is something else hidden. Sure enough, Wang Shijie's confession brought Tiansheng back to Zhou Xinmei.
<br/><br/>
Zhou Xinmei finally told the truth among the strings of numbers repeated by her son Liang Yuan: Ten years ago, Liang Zhongping was rejected because of his love for Song Min. On the day Song Min decided to go to Germany, that is, in December 1921 At 14:28 on the 17th, Liang Zhongping killed Song Min with his son's injected candies, and then committed suicide by himself. That scene became Liang Yuan's eternal and painful memory.