---
title: Crystal Girl
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/9lG7cXvc9-w/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-29T18:28:29
videos: 2024-06-29-18-26-41
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Eight years ago, 24-year-old Wang Xueying was impulsive due to life setbacks and abandoned her daughter Duo Duo who was just one month old. When she regretted abandoning her child because of the severe pain of separation, Dodo was taken away by a man named Ma Jun. Wang Xueying looked for Blossom everywhere but failed, so she left her hometown to work in Guangzhou. Eight years later, Wang Xueying returned home in fine clothes. Holding the guardrail of the arch bridge, looking at the shimmering Xishuang Lake, recalling the scene of abandoning her daughter eight years ago, her tears were flowing, and her heart was calling: my child, where are you? Mom is back, Mom is back!
<br/><br/>
Ma Jun named the child Guoguo, and regarded him as the apple of his eye, and loved him in every possible way. This made his newly married wife Luo Li very unhappy, and it also aroused Luo Li's dislike for Guoguo. After 8 years of marriage, Luo Li had three pregnancies and three miscarriages. She even thought it was the bad luck brought by Guoguo, and often quarreled with Ma Jun because of this, and gave Guoguo cold eyes and cold reception. The innocent and kind-hearted Guoguo has no resentment towards her adoptive mother, and her innate filial piety remains undiminished.
<br/><br/>
Luo Li got leukemia, and Wang Xueying extended a helping hand. In the cafe, Wang Xueying's gratitude to Ma Jun was beyond words, which made Ma Jun have mixed feelings. The grievances, bitterness, helplessness, joy, and happiness of the past eight years instantly turned into crystal tears and flickered in his eyes. Every word and every thing that Guoguo, who is dedicated to saving her mother, said and did made people feel pity and love for her. Mr. Zheng's bone marrow matched Luo Li's bone marrow exactly, but he regretted donating at the critical moment. Why did Mr. Zheng regret donating? Lightning and thunder, strong winds, and heavy rain, Guoguo knelt in the heavy rain. She made up her mind: I must save my mother! Guoguo's pleading voice was like weeping, complaining, and moaning. Her hoarse child's voice drowned out the sound of thunder, wind and rain. The world was instantly deathly silent. If there was still a sound, it would be the tears of kind people in the world.