---
title: One Hundred Yuan
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/g3kTF5Yqk2Y/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-29T17:58:21
videos: 2024-06-29-17-56-59
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
The film tells the human struggle between reality and dignity of a group of small people living at the bottom of society because of a counterfeit 100 yuan note.
The two heroines in the film are a highlight of the film both in terms of image and role. Among them, Jiang Hongbo, who played the role of Zhao Yun's wife in "Seeing the Dragon Unloading the Armor", put aside his gentle image this time and played the role of a laid-off female worker with a pungent personality. This is not a small challenge for Jiang Hongbo. She can't speak loudly. She had to argue with her husband because of the counterfeit 100 yuan bill in the play, and even fought. Jiang Hongbo said that she was arguing almost hoarsely at the time. In a certain scene, when the director called to stop, she felt exhausted. Later, she took quick-acting heart-rescue pills, but after watching the film, she felt that the performance of this scene was really good.
<br/><br/>
And Ni Hongjie, who played the role of Wushuang in "Wulin Biography", plays the boss of the grocery department in the play. Ni Hongjie, who is used to acting as a lady, said that she has a deep understanding of the life in the grocery department, because Ni Hongjie's mother used to be the owner of the grocery department, and when she was a child, she would help in the grocery department every holiday. She is very familiar with the lives of small people in society .