---
title: China invests $280 million to build Asia's Largest Floating PV
categories: ['News']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/5Lc1mLwt2u0/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-13T14:05:22
videos: 2024-07-13-14-03-49
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
In the "Wind and Photovoltaic Base" in the south of Fuyang, Anhui, China, is located one of the world's largest single floating photovoltaic power plants. The project was started in 2017 with a total investment of US$180 million. The entire floating photovoltaic power station is built in a coal mining subsidence area covering an area of 13,000 acres, using 1.2 million photovoltaic modules. This huge project covers an area equivalent to 1,300 standard football fields. By 2018, the power station will be completed and connected to the grid at full capacity, becoming the world's largest floating photovoltaic power station.
<br/><br/>
As far as I know, this photovoltaic power station currently consists of 122 ultra-large photovoltaic arrays, with a total installed capacity of 650,000 kilowatts. Every year, the power station generates an average of 700 million kilowatt-hours of electricity, and its daily power generation is enough to meet the electricity needs of 700,000 people. This is equivalent to saving about 220,000 tons of standard coal and reducing carbon dioxide emissions by about 580,000 tons per year.
<br/><br/>
In addition, this floating photovoltaic power station can not only improve power generation efficiency and reduce water evaporation, but also help protect aquatic ecosystems and increase biodiversity. In the energy structure transformation of China's Yangtze River Delta region, floating photovoltaic power stations play a role that cannot be ignored. After the previous successful experience, China immediately built a new "floating photovoltaic power station"