---
title: Miraculous Father and Son Detectives 3 - Eyewitness
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/isHfEs3fzf4/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-07T16:48:41
videos: 2024-07-07-16-46-28
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
A homicide occurred in the old city of the French Concession in Shanghai. At the scene of the crime, apart from the deceased Uncle Cai, there was Lan Miaoru, an announcer of Shanghai Huasheng Radio who was injured and unconscious. Lan Miaoru is blind and rents in Cai Shu's house for a long time, and often has contacts with Cai Shu. After the homicide, Chen Henry, the inspector of the patrol room, took his son Chen Tiansheng to the scene for investigation. Judging from the results of the site investigation and Lan MiaoRu's memories after waking up, the murderer should be two people, and Lan MiaoRu is the "witness." Lan Miaoru is the idol of Inspector Chen's wife. After Lan Miaoru was discharged from the hospital, she was taken to her home by Mrs. Chen and arranged in the room where her son was born. 
<br/><br/>
Judging from Lan MiaoRu's reaction when eating and the expression in the dark, Lan MiaoRu seems to have some problems. Miaoru went to work at the radio station when she got better. With the help of the media, Lan Miaoru persuaded the two murderers in the murder case to surrender. The media reports aroused the anger of the murderer Jiang Tao and the leopards, and brought Lan MiaoRu to death. That night, Lan MiaoRu, who returned to Cai Shu's apartment, was attacked and left the body of Fang WenHua, who ran a casino under the apartment, at the scene. Uncle Cai's case has not progressed yet, and Fang Wenhua was murdered again, and the remains at the scene showed that the murderer was the same person, putting pressure on the father and son. The death of Fang Wenhua aroused Tiantian's greater suspicion of Lan Miaoru. Visiting Lan Miaoru, Tiansheng finds out that Miaoru's father was a loyal and patriotic architect who was killed ten years ago for a disaster relief fund.
<br/><br/>
As innate reconnaissance and reasoning keep getting closer to the truth, murders are also going on. Liang Xiufeng, Leopard and Jiang Tao who were related to the disaster relief funds mentioned by Lan Miaoru ten years ago were killed one after another. After careful investigation and scientific reasoning, Tian Sheng closed the case decisively, and brought Lan Miaoru, who planned the murder of Cai Shu and personally killed Fang Wenhua, Liang Xiufeng, and Jiang Tao, to justice. It turned out that after Lan Miaoru's father was killed by construction contractor Cai Shu and his gang ten years ago for protecting disaster relief funds, Lan Xiaoyu, who was young at that time, lost both eyes due to the injury. Five years ago, Lan Xiaoyu regained her eyesight, changed her name to Lan Miaoru, and set out to seek revenge and plan murder. The truth of the case came to light, and Lan Miaoru committed suicide by taking poison in prison.