---
title: China sanctions Philippine bananas
categories: ['News']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/ozIiESeXcG8/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-10T19:24:43
videos: 2024-07-10-19-21-43
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
The South China Sea, located in the western Pacific Ocean, has always been a focus of international attention. Over the past decade, China and the Philippines have been in dispute over the territorial ownership of the islands here. In order to counter China's sovereignty claims in the South China Sea, the Philippine government has even further strengthened its military cooperation with the United States. They have signed a number of military agreements to allow the US military to be stationed in the Philippines, and the two sides have also held a number of military exercises to form an effective check on China's claims. In June of this year, the Philippines even began to increase the frequency of patrols in the South China Sea, an action that directly increased tensions with China.
<br/><br/>
Faced with the provocation of the Philippines, China has now taken unprecedented trade sanctions. According to data from Chinese customs, the supply of Philippine bananas in the Chinese market has been greatly reduced, with imports falling 44% from the previous total to only US$80 million. Bananas have always been the main export product of the Philippines to China, and this change has caused local farmers to lose US$170 million. But no one expected that in this Sino-Philippine dispute, an unexpected beneficiary appeared-Vietnam. So, in today's video, we will take a deep look at the conflict between China and the Philippines and why Vietnam has become the biggest winner.