---
title: Romantic Movie
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/S_r7cgF2f58/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-18T06:37:31
videos: 2024-07-18-06-34-53
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
After waking up, Shen Wei and Tong Xin suddenly found that they were strangers to each other naked, so they said goodbye in a hurry. What's even weirder is that they found themselves in a furniture city when they went out. Hangovered, they tried their best to recall everything that happened last night: Shen Wei remembered that he was invited by a group of friends to celebrate a certain girl's birthday, but after laughing and cursing, he came to the nightclub. After singing and dancing, he lost his memory. Tong Xin remembered that she was burdened with the heavy responsibility of the director to hand over a huge sum of 300,000 yuan to the actress, but she seemed to have lost consciousness after three rounds of drinking. They returned to reality amidst chaotic and dissociated memories: Shen Wei found out that Sina Weibo was actually a photo of him fascinated, which made colleagues around him never tired of gossip about him and a certain woman in the entertainment industry. But Tong Xin has been pressed by the director to ask about the outcome of the incident, and she returned to her ex-boyfriend's residence in a hurry, and met her successor. After the accident, Shen Wei and Tong Xin reunited, returned to the furniture city, and took away their belongings from the front desk. But Tong Xin couldn't find the huge sum of 300,000 yuan. After analyzing the clues, Shen Wei accompanied Tong Xin to the Public Security Bureau to call the police, but the police gave them an unclaimed alpaca, and the two looked at each other.