---
title: China Wins Qatar's $6 Billion LNG Shipbuilding Contract, Ousting South Korea
categories: ['News']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/9TNN_e85TWM/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-14T16:32:09
videos: 2024-07-14-16-30-31
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
In a significant shift in its shipbuilding partnerships, Qatar has recently opted for Chinese shipyards over their long-time collaborators in South Korea. Last month, Qatar's Minister of State for Energy Affairs, Saad Sherida Al-Kaabi, announced a landmark $6 billion USD order with China State Shipbuilding Corporation (CSSC) for the construction of 18 LNG carriers. This marks a notable departure from Qatar’s historical reliance on South Korean shipbuilders and signals a new era in international shipbuilding collaborations.
<br/><br/>
Historically, Qatar's LNG shipping needs were met exclusively by South Korean companies, known for their advanced shipbuilding technologies. However, dissatisfaction with escalating costs and increasing demands from South Korean partners led to this strategic shift. The new partnership with China holds several potential benefits, including advanced shipbuilding capabilities and cost efficiency.
<br/><br/>
The global demand for natural gas is rising, driven by the adoption of cleaner energy sources. Countries like Qatar, a leading LNG producer, need to expand their fleet of LNG carriers. The $6 billion USD order with CSSC includes 18 ultra-large LNG carriers, each with a capacity of 271,000 cubic meters. These carriers, designed by Hudong-Zhonghua Shipbuilding, are among the largest developed globally and significantly enhance transportation capacity.
<br/><br/>
Previously, South Korean shipbuilders like Daewoo, Samsung, and Hyundai dominated the high-end market. However, escalating costs led Qatar to reconsider its partnerships. The disruption in Qatar-South Korea relations opened the door for China, whose shipbuilding industry has rapidly advanced. China's new LNG carriers offer superior efficiency, reduced energy consumption, and lower carbon emissions, highlighting its commitment to sustainability and technological excellence.
<br/><br/>
This shift reflects Qatar's strategic response to cost pressures and China's rise as a shipbuilding nation. The partnership promises significant economic benefits and technological advancements, setting a new standard in global shipbuilding. This collaboration also symbolizes a broader geopolitical shift, with China's growing influence in high-tech industries challenging traditional powerhouses like South Korea.