---
title: Wen Chao Rong
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/hO9eKnlgU5Q/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-29T18:01:38
videos: 2024-06-29-18-00-16
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
The movie "Wen Chaorong" is adapted from a true story, and the prototype character is the former party branch secretary of Haique Village, Hezhang County, Bijie City, Guizhou Province. The purpose of filming is to thoroughly study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's symposium on literature and art work, and actively promote the development achievements of the Bijie Experimental Area in Guizhou Province and the advanced deeds of Comrade Wen Chaorong, an outstanding Communist Party member and a national model of the times. Puffin Village is a karst landform, which is not suitable for human survival. In the 1980s, it was famous as "Bitter Armor in the World". On June 5, 1985, Comrade Xi Zhongxun, then member of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee and secretary of the Secretariat, made important instructions on the "Proof of Domestic Dynamics": "Please ask the Provincial Party Committee to set a time limit for such areas, and have a feasible measure. Plan and step by step, do more work in a down-to-earth manner, and change this situation.” Comrade Wen Chaorong is under the extremely difficult conditions and the extremely harsh environment, leading the masses to survive and develop for decades. , opening up wasteland and cultivating forests, wrote a touching legend of survival from a desperate situation, tempered the fighting spirit of not bowing to poverty, and brought about earth-shaking changes in Puffin Village. Wen Chaorong is an outstanding representative of our outstanding commanders and grassroots party members and cadres in the battle of poverty alleviation. Now, it has become a common practice in Guizhou Province to "learn from Jiao Yulu from afar and learn from Wen Chaorong from afar".