---
title: Super Master & Disciple
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/tN1HjJYGglA/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-28T17:35:23
videos: 2024-06-28-17-33-01
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
The handsome and rebellious "rice" Su Yifei had to experience the stimulus of a grave robbing in person because he was competing with his father. He chose the stolen hole in a abandoned old lady next door, but did not expect that this old man was the Republic of China. At that time, Yongchun Baihequan's "Hewu Tang" site, let alone because he looked like a "master" who looked like the "Master" of the Hewutang. Lin Zhengyi, who was old, recognized Master and died.
<br/><br/>
Su Yifei was successfully dug next door through Lin Zhengyi's guardianship. I did not expect that I did not dig the real tomb, but dug it to the basement of others, and I did not expect that Huang Dafa, the owner of the next door, was a stolen and trafficking cultural relics. The head of the basement, and the mezzanine of the basement is exactly the warehouse he hidden in the stolen goods. Su Yifei did not find the hidden stolen goods, but found that Huang Dafa also borrowed his ex -girlfriend Meishan who was going abroad. The two young people have a spark of emotion due to their common hobbies, but when they only care about you, Huang Dafa discovered that the valuable cultural relics hidden in the basement compartment were gone. Of course, he also found a holes. After confirming that Mei Shan was in love with a handsome "little brother" who broke in, he concluded that Mei Shan was used, and Su Yifei and others should be a professional stealing gang who specializes in the thief to eat and cut the cultural relics, so he Start chasing Su Yifei to them.