---
title: Flying with you
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/UcPxFdq7NY8/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-04T15:08:43
videos: 2024-07-04-15-06-24
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
The "Wolf" SWAT team launched a large-scale search in the virgin forest; a mysterious team moved forward in the forest. Their targets seem to be "robber" Xu Yifan and "victim" He Qianqian.
<br/><br/>
Xu Yifan, who was a special soldier, made the inexperienced He Qianqian feel for the first time that there are men in the world who are completely different from his boyfriend Xiao Han. Relying on Xu Yifan's special forces experience, they finally overcame difficulties and obstacles and walked out of the virgin forest, but they met the "fool" and flexed their muscles, and were finally captured by the "Wolf" SWAT team.
<br/><br/>
He Qianqian's boyfriend Xiao Han is handsome and knowledgeable. He is loved by He Qianqian and appreciated by his father He Zhenxiong. He is assigned to be the vice president of He Zhenxiong's company. Watching her father's health getting worse and worse, He Qianqian decided to marry Xiao Han, who had less time together and more separation, according to the "contract" she signed with her father, so as to satisfy her father's thoughts. However, the appearance of Xu Yifan completely disrupted the lives of the couple.
<br/><br/>
After being persuaded by He Qianqian, Lin Yuxin also came to the He family to live temporarily. At a make-up party that night, Lin Yuxin, who was struggling to find her boyfriend, made a major discovery. The next day, Lin Yuxin left without saying goodbye.
<br/><br/>
A confusing and strange case happened. Is it love murder or hijacking? With the detection of the case, a strange relationship between life and death has been unveiled.