---
title: Snow of Tianshan Mountain
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/ZQ2dwkbyXk4/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-25T14:30:35
videos: 2024-06-25-14-28-58
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
In Ma Tianshan's memory, the summer of 1976 was later than in previous years, but the sun was particularly poisonous. He was 12 years old that year. Growing up in the desert of the Construction Corps, he faced the biggest problem in his life this summer: who are his real parents?
<br/><br/>
The cruelty of his father Ma Hongguang made Tianshan doubt whether he really had a blood relationship with Ma Hongguang. Kong Xiaoxue, a Shanghai educated youth who suddenly returned to the Corps, disrupted Tianshan's life. Li Dalin, a sheep herder, is a rightist. According to legend, he and Kong Xiaoxue had a child. However, in Ma Tianshan's eyes, this useless and incompetent man is not worthy of a woman like Kong Xiaoxue at all. Kong Xiaoxue was unmarried and conceived. As an educated youth, this was a very serious mistake. Quanlian held a meeting to ask her to point out the accomplice. She didn't say anything, but Ma Hongguang took the initiative to bear everything... Chen Yuxiu, the mother who raised Tianshan, died in an accidental fire , Li Dalin was also shot dead in an accident, all of which left indelible marks in Tianshan's young mind. Tianshan stood on the sand dunes and looked at his biological father's departure. He seemed to be Li Dalin who saw off his relatives back then. A legendary story about Ma Tianshan, Kong Xiaoxue, Li Dalin, Ma Hongguang and others was answered at this moment.