---
title: The Adventure of Ding Liao
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/OdQbNXYkKaE/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-30T12:32:20
videos: 2024-06-30-12-30-11
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Due to family reasons, Ding Leo's mother decided to temporarily place Ding Leo in the foster care of his uncle Lao Zhang's house in Shiban Town for a period of time. When I came to such a village with only paddy fields and cattle, I couldn't stay for a quarter of an hour. However, when he heard from his uncle that several families were patronized by thieves yesterday, he decided to stay and realize his "dream of adventure".
<br/><br/>
At the same time, two botanists came to the town. They lied that they were here to investigate the local precious vegetation and find opportunities for the townspeople to get rid of poverty and become rich. In fact, they were thieves Chen Tianshi and Li Sanfeng. Inadvertently, Ding ran into two botanists and suspected that they were the thieves in the theft. Ding Liao is determined to use all means to expose the botanist's true colors, and only his little friend Shuicao is willing to help him. The aquatic plants provided Ding with an important clue - the legend of Shiban Town. Although it was just a legend, it aroused Ding Liao's interest. Are those two thieves looking for the legendary treasure?
<br/><br/>
Ding Liao and Shuicao followed the thief to the treasure location, but were discovered by the thief. The thief tied Ding Liao and the following aquatic plants to a small boat, untied the rope, and let them drift with the boat. They tried everything possible to escape from the ship and save themselves from danger.
<br/><br/>
In the end, Ding Liao remembered the story of the grass and trees in the textbook that he had just learned, and successfully captured the thieves with the same strategy, and they were already wanted criminals.
<br/><br/>
In this way, Ding Liao realized his "dream of adventure".