---
title: China-Turkmenistan natural gas cooperation
categories: ['News']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/jEVWhLLITtA/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-19T18:46:10
videos: 2024-07-19-18-43-49
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Turkmenistan, one of the Central Asian countries, owes China a significant debt of US$8.1 billion. This debt originated from the Soviet era when Soviet experts discovered vast oil reserves in Turkmenistan's Caspian Sea oil fields. Turkmenistan, a landlocked country, faced challenges in trading its oil after the disintegration of the Soviet Union in 1991. Without the support of the Soviet Union, the transportation costs of exporting oil through other countries were high, resulting in limited profits for Turkmenistan.
<br/><br/>
In recent times, as China's influence in the international community has grown, it has extended a helping hand to other countries facing difficulties. Turkmenistan, appreciative of China's support, decided to repay its debt by providing resources. In a single payment, Turkmenistan paid off its entire debt and began sending a substantial amount of natural gas directly to China. This move strengthened the bilateral relations between the two countries and opened up possibilities for further cooperation.
<br/><br/>
Turkmenistan's decision to support China can be attributed to several factors. Firstly, China's growing strength and influence have made it an important partner for countries seeking development opportunities. Secondly, China's assistance during the COVID-19 pandemic, which was recognized by international organizations like the World Health Organization, showcased its capabilities in effectively managing the crisis. Lastly, Turkmenistan's own economic challenges and the need for sustainable development likely played a role in its decision to align with China.
<br/><br/>
Despite its oil wealth, Turkmenistan's geographical location, arid climate, and the lack of access to international markets have posed significant obstacles to its development. By leveraging its natural resources and establishing cooperation with China, Turkmenistan aims to overcome these challenges and improve its economic prospects.