---
title: Brazil spent 15 4 billion to ask China to build the Longest Sea Crossing Bridge
categories: ['News']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/-TVp4CZon6I/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-18T17:58:24
videos: 2024-07-18-17-56-32
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
China's infrastructure capabilities have gained popularity once again, as Brazil sought China's help to construct a cross-sea bridge, making it the largest bridge in Latin America. Brazil, as one of the BRIC countries, has always prioritized infrastructure development and proposed several construction plans, including the Salvador Bridge.
<br/><br/>
The construction of the Salvador Bridge posed immense challenges, leading Brazil to realize its own limitations in completing such a daunting task. However, after witnessing China's successful repair of a Japanese-built bridge in Brazil, the country entrusted the project to China. China plans to invest 15.4 billion yuan and five years to construct this record-breaking sea crossing bridge for Brazil.
<br/><br/>
The decision to invite China was met with enthusiasm, considering China's rapid development and expertise in constructing sea crossing bridges, exemplified by the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge. Despite conducting a public tender, other countries tactfully expressed their shortcomings during inspection, leading the Chinese engineering team to take over the El Salvador sea crossing bridge project.
<br/><br/>
In November 2020, China Railway Construction 20th Bureau Group and China Communications Construction Co., Ltd. signed a construction contract with the Bahia State Government of Brazil, marking the official start of construction for the largest sea crossing cable-stayed bridge in Latin America. The project spans 46.8 kilometers, with 12.4 kilometers dedicated to the sea crossing bridges. Brazil allocated a generous budget of 15.4 billion for the Salvador Bridge, recognizing its significance as a star project in the country.