---
title: China’s $10 billion New African City Changes Everything
categories: ['News']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/BDZzL2Ki-II/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-18T17:42:54
videos: 2024-07-18-17-40-17
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
President Biden once said that infrastructure is the measure of a country’s modernization level. But in this regard, I think China's achievements are particularly outstanding. Statistics show that they have more than 1 million bridges and 45,000 kilometers of high-speed rail. Their scale and modernization surpass the United States in many aspects.
<br/><br/>
However, China’s influence goes far beyond that. As a long-term strategic partner of many African countries, China has also brought its experience and technology in infrastructure construction to the African continent.
<br/><br/>
Located 30 kilometers south of Luanda, Angola, this place was once a wilderness that no one had ever set foot on. But now a modern house is rising here. This is because China invested US$10 billion to build 700 apartment buildings and more than 20,000 residences. This new city, which can accommodate 230,000 residents, has changed the living environment of local residents.
<br/><br/>
However, China's behavior of helping African countries through infrastructure has aroused concern and controversy in Western countries. They believe this is a "neo-colonial" strategy aimed at controlling African countries through infrastructure construction.
<br/><br/>
So what difference does this new $10 billion city make for Angola? What is the purpose of everything China is doing here?