---
title: Shyness
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/dq9UgLLJ8Zw/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-06T14:01:54
videos: 2024-07-06-14-00-33
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Xu Taozi is the receptionist of a restaurant, standing at the door every day to welcome guests in and send them out. One day, she met Mai Xiaojing, the general manager of "Angel Culture Company", and her fate changed from then on. The main business of the "Angel" company is to hire a group of young and beautiful girls to chat with customers, watch movies, eat and drink. The pure and beautiful peaches are deeply loved by customers, and they keep making appointments, and soon became the backbone of the company's business. By chance, she accompanied Cui Wenhua to watch a movie and formed a relationship. Cui Wenhua received higher education, but because of the bullying of his first love, Cheng Xiaolin, he committed a crime and was imprisoned. After he was released from prison, he took over the family's glutinous rice shop. Although the business was very good, the fact that he was alone caused his relatives, friends and neighbors to gather around. Taozi is very cute, and all kinds of men fall for her, even foreigners. Mike also found a unique charm in her, and this fascinating charm is the beauty of "shyness". Mike said, "I came to China from my country, and I have rarely seen shy women. And you have to know that your shyness is different, so different. In the eyes of men, you can't see shy women. Mike The marriage proposal to Taozi was rejected. Mai Xiaojing found a business opportunity from it and used it to generate 100,000 yuan in income. Finally, Taozi was wanted by the public security organs for the crime of foreign-related marriage fraud. Taozi hid in Cui Wenhua’s house and made a promise with her body. The Spring Festival is approaching, With the sound of firecrackers, the liquefied gas store caught fire, and Taozi rushed into the sea of ​​flames to rescue Cheng Xiaolin, but she was swallowed by the sea of ​​flames and turned into a wisp of smoke. As Mike said: "There is a word in Chinese called shyness. I think it can represent the beauty of Chinese women! "Xu Taozi, a very "shy" girl, turned into an "urn", and followed her parents to her hometown...