---
title: The Love Flu
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/9vFWyv-RUog/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-18T07:01:31
videos: 2024-07-18-07-00-12
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
People with different forms of urban affective syndrome are often caught in different emotional illnesses, or they are lethargic, hysterical, or tangled; four patients with serious love illnesses from different origins and forms gather in the "Emotional Influenza Center" to seek medical advice. diagnosis. The person who treats them is Jianghu (Jin Shijie), a spicy love doctor. He has created all kinds of eccentric treatment methods, which can always help patients with severe emotions regain their health.
<br/><br/>
Liu Xu (Fan Yichen), who broke up with his ex-girlfriend at the Love Influenza Center, met Tao Ran (Chen Jie), a "clean lover" who came for consultation. Liu Xu, who was a savage hunter, could not control herself. He was infatuated with her, and immediately resorted to all kinds of tricks to capture Tao Ran. Liu Xu, who has never been defeated in love, didn't want to encounter a powerful opponent this time, and the road to chasing a girl turned a thousand times. Another serious patient can be called a "true virgin" -- Lin Sen (played by Xu Deliang) met Li Yiyi, a gold worshiper who was in the predicament of "incompetence in love". Haikou, who ate a meal, has since embarked on a road of no return: "men are poor for themselves". These four people tested each other, competed in secret, restrained each other, and began to indistinguishable love battles again and again, frequently creating all kinds of urban jokes. In the end, some people recovered, while others became more and more "in love"...