---
title: Love is Always Around
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/GDzMLq41Lpo/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-01T13:57:11
videos: 2024-07-01-13-55-07
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
This is a story of saving lives and souls with love (interpersonal warmth, social care).
Old Tang lived at the bottom of the city, but he was laid off and divorced in middle age, and he couldn't let go of his father's love. He needed a kind of strength to encourage the responsibility and love deep in his heart, and learned from the Jinming family in Hong Kong. Need to feel the happiness of life and test the meaning of life; Su Hong is Lao Tang's tenant, and she is a "person who is angry with both people and gods", because she is a victim of drugs and is on the verge of death, but she desperately longs to live an ordinary life. Hope to be rescued again as a person with love in his heart.
<br/><br/>
A flawless little life in Su Hong's womb was born into this world with tenacious vitality, and with vigorous strength, he summoned the father's love hidden deep in Old Tang's heart, making him desperately take care of this child who has no blood relationship with him, Although it was difficult, Old Tang found satisfaction and happiness in it!
<br/><br/>
Old Tang was rescued, and he warmed Su Hong's cold heart with benevolence and love, allowing her humanity to recover slowly, to the world. Drug withdrawal made her finally become a woman with maternal love who can enjoy the happy life like ordinary people. The relationship between Lao Tang and Su Hong also has a beautiful foreshadowing at the end of the film.