---
title: Master of Go 3 - Against Measures
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/9mxmhuCqMsk/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-06T15:02:41
videos: 2024-07-06-15-00-35
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
On the Longevity Day of the first year of Qianlong, Lord Qianlong bestowed a gift on all officials in the Old Summer Palace, and discovered that Shi Xiangxia and his brother Fan Xiping were the real chess masters. Qianlong knew that Shi Xiangxia and him had a draw because he wanted to take care of his emperor's face, and Shi Xiangxia and Fan Xiping were superior and inferior, so Qianlong wanted to arrange a game to see what happened. Qianlong's decree was promulgated. Who would have thought that Fan Xiping would disrespect the decree after receiving the decree, escape from the capital in order to avoid the court's capture, and go back to his hometown incognito, passing through Bianzhou City, leading to a story.
<br/><br/>
Fan XiPing stayed at the Fengyue Inn in Bianzhou City. Before Fan XiPing settled down, a woman who committed suicide not far from the downstairs of the inn caught Fan XiPing's attention. Fan Xiping went downstairs quickly and rescued the woman who committed suicide, but the thief took the opportunity to steal an agate jade pendant given to him by Emperor Qianlong in the guest room. While Fan XiPing was being robbed of the jade pendant, a strange man dressed as a businessman who followed Fan XiPing all the way also made someone steal the two hundred taels of silver he brought with him at the inn.
<br/><br/>
A jade pendant and two hundred taels of silver aroused suspicion between Fan Xiping and the man who claimed to be Wu Wenyu. After the suspicion, Fan Xiping's jade pendant was returned to Zhao in full, and what the thief returned to Wu Wenyu was a bag of rocks. Wu Wenyu is penniless, so she can only go in and out of the inn with a smiling face and clinging to Fan Xiping who calls herself Qi Wuji. Fan XiPing decided to win back some silver taels for Wu Wenyu from the Wuhu Chess Building opposite the inn. As a result, Wu Wenyu discovered that Boss Sun, the owner of the chess building, had cheated. Wu Wenyu's skill at throwing dice was comparable to Boss Sun's. The two moved upstairs to compete on the chessboard.
<br/><br/>
Wu Wenyu played chess upstairs with Boss Sun Zaidao, while Fan Xiping strolled in the chess building, and a young man who looked like a beggar pestered him for a game of "life and death". Fan XiPing easily won the young man who claimed to be the Three Treasures. Sanbao is willing to bet and admit defeat, and insists on worshiping Fan Xiping as his teacher. After Sanbao chased him to the inn, Wu Wenyu returned after being defeated. Knowing that Qi Wuji turned out to be Fan Xiping, a well-known national player, Wu Wenyu immediately reported the true identity of the disciple of the Cao Gang and the purpose of his trip to track down the thief "Sai Shiqian". Married to Jinlan with Fan Xiping.