---
title: Neverland
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/foGLCUYGLLY/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-18T06:54:45
videos: 2024-07-18-06-53-27
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
"Strange girl" Han Xiaochen (played by Li Sihan) is an urban female cartoonist, and Tangning is a lonely island sea surveyor who is good at painting. They met because they co-authored a comic book about shipwrecked people who end up on tropical islands. Under the pressure of the boss and social pressure every day, Han Xiaochen turned his dissatisfaction and troubles into pranks and painted them in the comics, causing many difficulties and blows to the characters in the play. Tang Ning (played by Zhang Dianfei), a knowledgeable sea surveying soldier, is not surprised when he sees the tricks, and uses his professional knowledge to resolve the disaster into a good result, which makes Han Xiaochen look at it with admiration. These two painters, who have never met and who have never met, are attracted to each other and paint their own worlds in "Never Island".
<br/><br/>
The storyline is based on the drama within the desert island, and the two authors are also rebuilding their inner world unconsciously in the process of creating this book. Han Xiaochen also unknowingly fell into the pure and beautiful "Fantasy Island" in his pen, and decided to go to that beautiful island to find the hero in his heart. However, due to the typhoon, Han Xiaochen only saw the island where Tangning lived and did not see Tangning. The nothingness on the island was completely opposite to the beauty in the painting. Only then did Han Xiaochen realize that the island in the painting was just a dream of Tangning's illusory dream. but had to return to reality.