---
title: The Pearl Shirt
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/Iv4j6zH5Sfg/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-02T19:15:25
videos: 2024-07-02-19-14-08
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
During the Northern Song Dynasty, Emperor Taizong Zhao Guangyi went to Tongtai to hunt accompanied by Princess Chai. On the way, he was ambushed by Liao soldiers. The princess was abducted by Liao soldiers in order to save Taizong. At a critical moment, Liulang Yang Yanzhao, who passed by here, killed the Liao soldiers and rescued Taizong. Minister Fu Long's son Fu Dingkui also just arrived, and Liu Lang entrusted Taizong to Fu Dingkui's protection, and turned around and rushed into the siege to save the princess. Taizong mistakenly thought that the rescuer was Fu Dingkui, and with deep gratitude, he betrothed Lord Chai to Fu immediately.
After Liulang rescued Princess Cheshire, the two fell in love at first sight. The princess gave the pearl shirt to Liu Lang and entrusted him for life, and asked him to invite the Eight Sage King Zhao Defang to complete their beautiful marriage. The Eight Sage Kings asked Lu Mengzheng, the champion of the new division, to be a matchmaker for Liulang and the princess. Taizong Zhao Guangyi insisted that it was Fu Dingkui who rescued him. The princess asked to confront her face-to-face in the Golden Palace. Yang Yanzhao and Fu Dingkui each stated their rescue process, and the truth finally came to light. Taizong said that the king had a legacy about the marriage of the princess, and only the one who got the pearl shirt can be the son-in-law. Liu Lang immediately presented the pearl shirt, and the two became good friends for a hundred years.