---
title: Bird's Nest
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/Vkyw8FZrN-0/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-24T13:56:53
videos: 2024-06-24-13-54-58
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
In the Miao Village of Guizhou, which is surrounded by green mountains and green waters, and the birds are neighbors, a letter from Beijing broke the peaceful life of the children. Jia Xiangma's father said that he was busy building the "Bird's Nest" for the sports meeting, but none of his friends believed this statement, and Wei Xiangdou even gambled on 15 bundles of firewood. The mother wanted to let her husband go home, the old man was busy showing his authority, and the businessman related it to the coffee advertisement. Only the thieves believed that his father could not make a mistake, and determined to earn travel expenses to see the "Bird's Nest" in Beijing with his own eyes. .
<br/><br/>
In order to buy train tickets, the thieves and their friends appeared in the mountains, forests and fields, but they soon discovered that it was impossible to get enough travel expenses before school started by relying on chopping firewood. The lost thieves saw business opportunities from the rice wine festival in the town. Five hundred fragrant and hard bamboo tube cups made the thieves' trip to Beijing a reality, and also impressed the conservative adults in the village.
<br/><br/>
A piece of bacon, a few tubes of rice, and amidst the singing of the tribe, the little thieves stepped out of the Miao Village and started his adventure. The outside world is fresh and strange, and the innocent thieves have made kind and warm friends, and met villains with malicious intentions. Will he be able to find his father and see the "bird's nest" in his dream?