---
title: Mum’s Moonlight
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/7Rk_tA0u9LE/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-30T12:14:19
videos: 2024-06-30-12-12-47
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
"On the Moon" is China's first road film. The film shows three generations of women who grew up on the grassland. Although they grew up in different eras and have cultural influences of different eras, the common qualities of the great women of the nation to which they belong lock them on the spiritual coordinates of the same era. Their family, friendship, and love are no longer personal feelings. They stick to their beliefs with their lives, explain their understanding of love, and sublimate it into a noble spirit. They are loyal to love and stick to their homeland; they surpass the fear of death and face the parting of life and death calmly; they love their life and their homeland and are happy every day in their lives. This broad, high-spirited, and awe-inspiring spirit belongs to this nation, to the great women of this nation, and even more so to all mankind.
<br/><br/>
The movie "Above the Moon" strives to create a masterpiece reflecting the national spirit and emotion with profound thinking, exquisite art and excellent production. The director's unique female thinking, skilled photography and smooth shots, the rhythm of editing and retracting freely, the rich artistic performances of the actors, and the moving long-tune rhythm of the music make us feel moved by the warmth of love while enjoying the moving grasslands of Inner Mongolia. style and natural beauty.