---
title: Labour in Flux
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/kjBtWkQ93yM/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-24T22:41:34
videos: 2024-06-24-22-40-07
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
More than ten years ago, due to severe floods in their hometown, Anhui farmers Chen Dacheng, Zhang Xiufang and Qiu Maosheng went south to work together. Chen Dacheng makes a living by scavenging waste and selling vegetables, Qiu set up scams on the street and was beaten, and Xiufang left after being harassed by her boss in the sweatshop. On the night of the millennium, the three met again, and later worked together on a certain construction site. Soon Chen and Qiu became contractors. When they led the migrant workers to demand wages they were owed, they encountered the "SARS" incident. When they were desperate, they saw the news that the Prime Minister was collecting debts for the migrant workers, so they decided to seek legal assistance. Chen went out to look for evidence, but Qiu led the migrant workers to demand wages by force, and was taken away by the Public Security Bureau. Finally, with the help of the hometown government, the migrant workers got part of their wages. Chen and Qiu founded a labor service company, and with the help of the leaders of the local office of their hometown, they were able to participate in the bidding for local urban renewal projects. Qiu Maosheng, who was eager for success, took illegal means to defraud money, and was accused and imprisoned. In the end, Chen repaid the money for Qiu, and donated funds from his hometown in the name of the three of them, sending the second generation of migrant workers to work in the city.