---
title: Love Retake
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/pbL8idva8kw/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-18T06:32:44
videos: 2024-07-18-06-31-29
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
The up-and-coming actor Zheng Zhi was invited to star in the movie "Once Upon a Time in a Small Town" and staged a love story with the fast-growing actress Su Nina in pursuit of Bai Fumei. During the process of participating in the performance, Zheng Zhi, who has long been used to the life of a big star, has never been satisfied with Hollywood's new female director Mandy Wu in his grasp and performance of the life of a poor boy. To make matters worse, his performance was repeatedly criticized by the director as inferior to the swarm. And a group performer named Chuanzi came to the crew to find his childhood sweetheart Sanni. Relying on a childhood photo and precious memories, Chuanzi believes that the popular actress Sunina is his Sanni. After taking care of him carefully, he uses his own way to express to Sunina who already has a rich and handsome boyfriend Peter. with love. As a result, four people from different backgrounds had a series of quarrels and conflicts on the set, and there was a lot of joy and excitement.
<br/><br/>
It turns out that Zheng Zhi and director Wu Di used to be lovers, and "Once Upon a Time in a Small Town" is the commemoration of that love. After all quarrels and misunderstandings, the two finally untied their knots. Under Wu Di's reminder, Zheng Zhi made up his mind to experience the life of a poor boy, and mixed with Chuan Zi and other group performers. As the filming draws to a close, Zheng Zhi and Wu Di, Chuan Zi and Su Nina all ushered in a new beginning of their love.