---
title: Sweet Journey
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/4ID6a2jb7dw/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-24T22:24:14
videos: 2024-06-24-22-22-23
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
At the beginning of the reform and opening up, a truck drove into the isolated cottage, bringing news about the other side of the mountain. A pictorial full of city photos ignited two teenagers' longing for a beautiful city. During the short vacation, two teenagers, Johnson & Johnson and Fulai, decided to climb over the mountain to see the beautiful city outside the mountain. Since then, they started a magical journey.
<br/><br/>
On the way, they met Xiaoya (played by Yu Na), a woman who had escaped from marriage, and they went on the road together. After many obstacles, they finally arrived in the city, and Xiaoya was about to take the train back to Beijing, when Xiaoya's husband suddenly appeared and wanted to take her back. It turned out that Xiaoya was an educated youth from Beijing, and was forced to marry a farmer in a village. But Xiaoya can never forget the distant Beijing. After getting her home return certificate and divorce, she took the train to Beijing without hesitation. Life in the city is always so bizarre and confusing. They met the young Long Jianguo (played by Zhang Hanyu) who came out of the village. Long Ge, wearing sunglasses and a windbreaker, didn't look like a good man, and there was always an imperceptible melancholy on his face. Brother Long was very kind to them. He not only bought them new schoolbags, but also sent them home. Later, Fulai stayed in the orphanage in the city, and Johnson returned to the beautiful village.