---
title: Chinese VEGETABLE FACTORY! Robots Cultivate 310,000㎡ of Farmland
categories: ['News']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/NRv6jDeW_pk/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-12T17:10:27
videos: 2024-07-12-17-08-19
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Welcome to a groundbreaking exploration of China's remarkable journey from traditional farming to the forefront of agricultural technology. In this video, we delve into the profound transformation that has reshaped China's agricultural landscape, introducing the Changyinsha Modern Agricultural Demonstration Zone in Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu Province. This cutting-edge park represents the pinnacle of modern agricultural science, blending tradition with advanced technology to achieve extraordinary results.
<br/><br/>
Step into a world where strawberries and cucumbers grow on iron frames and coconut coir, under the vigilant care of automated systems that regulate everything from irrigation to climate control. Discover how the integration of sensors, the Internet of Things (IoT), and intelligent greenhouse technologies has revolutionized greenhouse cultivation, dramatically increasing yields and enhancing quality beyond traditional methods.
<br/><br/>
Join us as we explore the innovative practices at the heart of this transformation, from soilless cultivation to precision agriculture, powered by smart greenhouse systems. Learn about the substantial investments and technological advancements that have enabled the production of 6,000 tons of standardized vegetables and fruits annually, contributing to China's dominance in global vegetable consumption and production.
<br/><br/>
Witness how smart agriculture, through the Green Wochuan Smart Agriculture Development Co., Ltd., epitomizes efficiency with robots performing over 95% of tasks, drastically reducing labor costs and ensuring the delivery of premium vegetables to high-end markets. Understand the importance of live-selling vegetables, maintaining freshness for 7 to 10 days, and how this approach meets the growing demand for high-quality produce.
<br/><br/>
This video not only showcases the technological feats within China's agricultural sector but also emphasizes the global significance of smart greenhouse technology. With China accounting for over 40% of the worldwide greenhouse area, we reveal how these advancements are not just enhancing crop yields and quality but also playing a critical role in sustainable development and poverty alleviation.
<br/><br/>
Discover how China's embrace of intelligent agriculture and greenhouses is setting new standards for the agricultural industry worldwide, paving the way for a future where technology and tradition coalesce to create sustainable, high-efficiency farming practices.