---
title: Feng Youlan in Youth
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/C3MdWJIN8fU/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-01T14:28:56
videos: 2024-07-01-14-27-14
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
The movie "Young Feng Youlan" takes Feng Youlan's youthful wanderings and youth pursuits as the track, and describes the journey of a generation of philosophers from his father's jinshi to his participation in the World Conference of Philosophers to explore Chinese philosophy and promote Chinese philosophy to the world.
The film "Youth Feng Youlan", written by Mo Xuefeng and directed by Liu Tongsheng, was launched on December 25, 2010 in Tanghe County, Nanyang City. Feng Zongpu, Feng Youlan's daughter, sent a congratulatory message from Beijing. The main leaders of Nanyang City and Tanghe County and all the cast and crew attended the opening ceremony. Wang Ling, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Henan University, attended and delivered a speech as Mr. Feng Youlan's Henan University alumni. Wang Ling said in his speech that Mr. Feng Youlan is a bright pearl in the century-old history of Henan University, the pride of Henan University, and a model for teachers and students of Henan University to learn from. He devoted his whole life to the study of the development of Chinese philosophy, and wrote a lot of books, with nearly five million words in Chinese and English. He was one of the earliest Chinese who introduced Chinese philosophy to the West, and occupied an important position in the history of Chinese philosophy. This film will be shot at Henan University from January 5 to 8, 2011, and mainly reflects Feng Youlan's life and work while teaching at Henan University.