---
title: A Peek into the Life of a Chinese Policeman
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/g5wQIY4WVYg/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-24T22:58:42
videos: 2024-06-24-22-57-07
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Wang Fajin is a policeman in Wenyuan Community, Yuehe Police Station, Wuxing District Bureau, Huzhou Public Security Bureau. He has been working here for more than a year. The thief's mobile crimes have made him the object of discussion among residents, and he has also received a lot of rejection. In this regard, Wang Fajin was not discouraged, and tried his best to get along with the residents, and recorded all the big and small things in the community in his small notebook. Sometimes his method is not clever, but it is self-sacrificing: he gave his wife's bicycle to the laid-off worker who lost the bicycle; sometimes a small incident triggers inspiration and solves a big problem in the community: Wang Fajin designed and manufactured a community bicycle anti-theft lock. Wang Fajin has a quick mouth, quick hands, and quick ideas. In order to mingle with the residents, he came up with a way to issue a "police-civilian contact card" to each household. In order to solve the theft of bicycles, he made anti-theft locks for everyone himself. He realized that it was not enough to fight alone with his own strength, so he mobilized the masses to form voluntary patrol teams, set up security observation posts at key crossings, and established a community safety network. Distribute yellow handkerchiefs to needy families. When the yellow handkerchiefs are flying high, Wang Fajin will appear. Working hard, treating every resident in the community with heart and heart, being anxious and thinking about what others think, gradually he became the police officer Wang that the residents of Wenyuan community cannot do without.