---
title: Chinese Electric Dump Trucks Can Carry 70 Tons Without Charging
categories: ['News']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/ul16o1L5G1Y/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-11T16:21:22
videos: 2024-07-11-16-18-27
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
As the world strides towards carbon peak and carbon neutrality goals, the emergence of electric vehicles and electric construction machinery brings forth a myriad of concerns regarding charging infrastructure and power stability. Amid these challenges, Shanghai-based Breton unveils a pioneering solution with its payload vehicles, promising not just to negate the necessity for charging but to considerably extend operational range as well. This video delves into the technological marvel behind this innovation, spotlighting the BRT105E electric mining truck designed specifically for mining operations.
<br/><br/>
The BRT105E, equipped with a hefty battery capacity of 700 kilowatt-hours and capable of reaching speeds up to 40 kilometers per hour, represents a significant leap in electric mining truck technology. Notably, its ability to convert gravitational potential energy into kinetic energy during descent, thus generating electricity and effectively replenishing a substantial portion of the energy consumed during ascent, marks a breakthrough in energy efficiency and conservation.
<br/><br/>
Breton's foray into new energy engineering solutions extends beyond mere electrification. With a profound commitment to green energy, the company has pioneered zero-carbon power solutions, integrating wind and solar storage to foster sustainable energy systems for mines. Through intelligent management of green energy, Breton aims to revolutionize the mining industry, making operations more economical and significantly greener.
<br/><br/>
Furthermore, the video explores the broader implications of Breton's innovations for the mining industry and the environment. By reducing resource consumption and carbon emissions, the Breton electric truck offers a cost-effective and environmentally friendly alternative to traditional diesel trucks. With the integration of wind and solar storage green energy management, Breton not only supports the construction of green mines but also paves the way for intelligent energy scheduling and carbon trading, contributing to the global effort towards carbon neutrality.