---
title: Meet in Pyongyang
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/F72VNTJFHII/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-25T15:08:44
videos: 2024-06-25-15-06-58
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
When the young Chinese dancer Wang Xiaonan (played by Liu Dong) performed the Korean dance "Bell" in the "National Dance Competition", she was found to have made a mistake by the chief judge, her grandma Professor Chen Xiuzhen, and the total score fell from the first place to the tenth place in an instant. When she was upset, her grandmother arranged for her to go to Pyongyang with the China-North Korea Art Exchange Group, and entrusted her to find the North Korean "sister" Xiumei, her grandmother's North Korean comrade-in-arms during the War to Resist US Aggression and Aid Korea. On the way, Xiaonan met Gao Fei (played by Gao Xin), a young Chinese photographer who came to North Korea to help his grandfather fulfill his last wish. After arriving in Pyongyang, Xiaonan had some unexpected misunderstandings with the young North Korean dancer Jin Yinshun... In order to eliminate the misunderstanding, Jin Yinshun (played by Jin Yulin) arranged for her to go to her hometown in the countryside to meet the folks... A series of rehearsals for the group gymnastics "Arirang"...
During the time together, Xiaonan was also working hard to match the love between North Korean youths Kim Sung-min (played by Park Jung-tae) and Kim Yin-sun... Xiaonan and the young Chinese photographer Gao Fei also met by chance. The wish of a generation. After returning to China, Wang Xiaonan handed over a satisfactory dance art answer sheet to her grandmother, Professor Chen Xiuzhen, which was approved by her grandmother. So, what exactly did Wang Xiaonan see in North Korea? What have you been through? What do you feel? What made her change so much in such a short period of time?