---
title: My Brother AnXiaotian
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/u13Zgdv0DgQ/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-05T10:03:39
videos: 2024-07-05-09-59-58
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Did you know there is such a group of people. Before they are born, they already have an extra set of chromosomes than other people. They were born in the world, just like the predecessors in the Garden of Eden, they will never feel pain - because their IQ does not exceed 70; their pain is transplanted to their closest family members, and bear all the sufferings in the world for them ...
<br/><br/>
In 2007. Shanghai. Messy little alleys.
A family with only two members. Brother An Xiaotian is a patient with Down syndrome. The younger sister, An Tong, is a frail girl who works in the sales office. Xiaotian, who suffers from Down syndrome, never knows where his basic necessities come from. His IQ is far below 70. He only knows that his younger sister An Tong is someone he can absolutely trust and rely on, and is the source of his happiness. But he never knew that it was his sister An Tong's thin shoulders that supported the whole life under this roof.
And this is not just a family with only two members, because it affects the eyes and hearts of the other two families.
<br/><br/>
Sun Wenle is An Tong's boyfriend. He loves An Tong wholeheartedly, and has been looking forward to wearing a ring that promises this life on her ring finger. He doesn't mind that An Tong has a mentally retarded younger brother. Although the existence of Xiaotian occasionally makes him feel ridiculous and helpless, he never changes his original intention. However, things don't always go according to people's wishes... On the day when Sun Wenle's father was about to hand over the family-inherited ring with a strong symbolic meaning to An Tong, he changed his decision because he met An Tong's brother Xiaotian. Facing the pressure and opposition from his parents, what will Sun Wenle do?
<br/><br/>
Lao Xie is An Tong's neighbor and a taxi driver. He works out of the car at night to earn money to support his family, but his heart is always attached to a group of mentally handicapped teenagers who play baseball, and he serves as the coach of these teenagers during the day. Although his wife's dissatisfaction and nagging brought him a lot of pressure, he never thought of giving up. It is precisely because he has been in contact with many mentally retarded children that he understands and understands An Tong's situation very well. While helping An Tong take care of Xiaotian as much as he can, he has also become a crucial role between An Tong and Sun Wenle invisibly...
<br/><br/>
Sun Wenle's father's objection made An Tong and Sun Wenle's relationship face a crisis. Because of Xiaotian, An Tong lost his job even worse. The pressure of earning a living, the troubles caused by her ignorant brother, the crisis in her love life... What kind of strength and courage does An Tong bear and face all that life brings her...