---
title: China built the fastest subway line in Turkey only in 6 months
categories: ['News']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/guEGrfarmbQ/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-19T19:01:57
videos: 2024-07-19-19-00-41
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
The 50 million subway project, which no other country dared to take on, was eventually undertaken by China. Countries like the United States and Japan questioned China's ability to build strong infrastructure. However, China once again surprised the world by completing a successful subway project in Turkey in just 6 months. This joint project between China and Turkey set a new world record for subway construction in Istanbul, Turkey. Normally, subway projects take 18 to 24 months to complete, but the Chinese company finished it in less than half the time. The news of China's accomplishment caused a stir in the United States, with experts claiming it was impossible and suggesting fraud. Turkish officials responded by saying that China's infrastructure cooperation had nothing to do with the United States. China's advanced subway construction technology is evident not only in its extensive subway network within the country but also in its assistance in building subways for other countries, including the United States. The decision to build a subway in Istanbul was made in January of the previous year. Istanbul, a developed city and major tourist destination, lacked a subway system. Despite its high tourist traffic, transportation within the city was inconvenient. The Turkish government, inspired by China's subways, wanted to build an urban subway in Istanbul. However, due to Turkey's relatively backward infrastructure and economic development, many countries rejected the tender project. China's CRRC Zhuzhou Machinery Co., Ltd. stepped in and took over the subway project, as China has always been willing to help others with a fearless spirit.