---
title: Explore the Futuristic Architectures in Chengdu, China's Most Luxurious City
categories: ['Travel']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/0C4pi8oEsuI/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-17T08:03:16
videos: 2024-07-17-08-00-12
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
-------------------⭐⭐<br/>
SKP Chengdu<br/>
-------------------⭐⭐<br/>
On December 20, 2022, the SKP franchise opened the doors to Asia’s first largest sunken luxury shopping mall in Chengdu. Spanning a total area of 324,000 square metres, the complex covers five floors with spaces spanning 12 metres below ground. At present, it is said to offer more than 1,300 first-tier brands from around the world.
<br/><br/>
Dubbed a “palace-like underground world” by Chinese netizens on the social media platform, the luxury shopping complex SKP Chengdu is divided into four main areas: Chengdu SKP, Chengdu SKP-S, K Avenue and G Avenue. Moreover, it is designed to look like a park, with 33 crafted landscapes and scenic spots with only a few shops visible on the ground floor level. 
<br/><br/>
According to a spokesperson from SKP, the complex intends “to challenge every expectation, standard and rule of luxury retailing in terms of craft, quality, innovation, entertainment, engineering and sustainability,” and aims to become “one of the largest and most impressive luxury fashion retail centres in the world”. 
<br/><br/>
Standing invisible to the human eye, the company stated it decided to go for a sunken-style mall because it “wished to honour Chengdu’s nature and humanity.”
<br/><br/>
All in all, given Chengdu’s burgeoning luxury market, the Sichuan capital seems like a sound choice for SKP’s third location in China. Looking ahead, SKP owner Beijing Hualian Group aims to open additional locations in Wuhan, Guangzhou, Kunming, Hohhot and Huangzhou.
<br/><br/>
-------------------⭐⭐<br/>
What is the meaning of Dujiangyan?<br/>
-------------------⭐⭐<br/>
The place's name, Dujiangyan, meaning "dam on the capital city's river" is a modest title for an undertaking of incredible scope.
<br/><br/>
Dujiangyan Irrigation System is honored as the 'Treasure of Sichuan', which still plays a crucial role in draining off floodwater, irrigating farms and providing water resources for more than 50 cities in the province.
<br/><br/>
In China, Chengdu is always praised as the Tian Fu Zhi Guo, which means 'Nature's Storehouse'. Over 2,200 years ago, the city was threatened by the frequent floods caused by flooding of the Minjiang River (a tributary of the Yangtze River). Li Bing, a local official of Sichuan Province at that time, together with his son, decided to construct an irrigation system on the Minjiang River to prevent flooding. 
<br/><br/>
After a lengthy study and a lot of hard work by the local people, the great Dujiangyan Irrigation System was completed. Since then, the Chengdu Plain has been free of flooding and the people have been living peacefully and affluently.
<br/><br/>
Dujiangyan is the oldest and only surviving no-dam irrigation system in the world; and a wonder in the development of Chinese science. The project consists of three important parts, namely Yuzui, Feishayan and Baopingkou scientifically designed to automatically control the water flow of the rivers from the mountains to the plains throughout the year.
<br/><br/>
There is a magnificent bridge called the Anlan Cable Bridge crossing the Minjiang River above Yuzui, which is the most scenic place of the whole project. The construction of the bridge originally commenced before the Song Dynasty (960-1279). At that time, the body of the bridge was constructed with wooden blocks and the handrails were made of bamboo. 
<br/><br/>
Recently the wood and bamboo were replaced with steel and reinforced concrete to ensure the security of the visitors. Seen from afar, the bridge looks like a rainbow hanging over the river. From the bridge, you can clearly see the entire layout of the Dujiangyan Irrigation System.
<br/><br/>
There are also historical sites here. Fulong Temple is said to be the place where Li Bing subjugated the evil dragon during the construction process. The stone statue of Li Bing caved in the Eastern Han Dynasty (25-220) is displayed in the front courtyard of the temple; is the earliest round sculptured stone statue in China. In the back courtyard of the temple, you can see the working principles of Dujiangyan Irrigation System replicated in an electric model of the irrigation system.