---
title: Love on that Day
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/7AZsFKKDFVo/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-01T13:11:50
videos: 2024-07-01-13-08-52
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
There is a "Heart Time Inn" in Harbor City. This small inn has a small marketing method. As long as couples stay here, they can write a letter to each other. After two years, they can take out the card and write to themselves Xiaoya (played by Ye Qing), Aunt An, and Uncle Afu are the owners of this inn. Xiaoya also has two good friends in the harbor, radio music DJ Allen (Wu Yi) and Tang Guo (Han Qingzi), the little beauty of the yogurt house.
<br/><br/>
One day, a mysterious guest came in the inn—Martin (Mario Maurer), a handsome and sunny boy with charming eyes, a big stomach that doesn't match his appearance, and super strength.
<br/><br/>
Xiaoya, Tang Guo, A Lun and Martin who lived in the inn became good friends, and they knew the purpose of Martin's visit to the inn. It turned out that Martin took the "time card" left by his mother twenty years ago to the inn to get the letter from his parents. , Knowing who her father is, but this letter from twenty years ago is long gone.
<br/><br/>
Xiaoya fell in love with Martin, who could leave at any time. In order to help Martin find out the truth about his parents, Xiaoya and Tang Guo took action.
<br/><br/>
An unexpected result appeared in front of everyone. What is the relationship between Uncle Afu and Martin?
Martin and Xiaoya are in love but feel that the other party is not suitable for them. Will they be together in the end?