---
title: My Wife Is Not at Home
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/HkcRqRAZyW4/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-02T18:52:47
videos: 2024-07-02-18-50-39
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Ma Wei is the host of "Eating Big with Mouth", and his wife Zhang Mingming is the manager of a famous movie star Cai Lingling. Zhang Mingming accompanied star Cai Lingling to the South to endorse Cai Defu Jewelry. Ma Wei was taken to a nightclub by colleagues Fan Xiaotong and others for entertainment. He met a lady who looked exactly like Cai Lingling, Sasha. Everyone drank together, he and Shasha got drunk together, and was driven home by the hotel driver.
<br/><br/>
On the way to work, Ma Wei felt that his car still smelled of women's perfume. In order not to leave any clues that his wife might find out, he decided to go to the car wash to wash the car carefully, and he handed the car to the car washer. Lao Lai. At this time, Ma Wei received a call from the company asking him to rush to the meeting. In a hurry, he forgot to take the computer in the car and took a taxi to leave the car wash. Lai Lai, a car wash worker, found out the laptop computer and became malicious. He found a hidden place and turned on the computer to take a look, but found a pornographic photo of the famous movie star Cai Lingling inside. I took the wrong computer, my wife came home last night.
<br/><br/>
However, this string of necklaces was also left by Zhang Mingming, and was given to Cai Lingling by Cai Defu jewelry company. After Zhang Mingming accompanied Cai Lingling to the south, Cai Lingling found that Zhang Mingming not only forgot to bring her necklace, but also took the laptop by mistake, so she was furious, and she warned Zhang Mingming if she didn't get the necklace before the press conference Just fire her. Zhang Mingming was very afraid and quickly called Ma Wei. At this time, Ma Wei also realized the seriousness of the matter. He hurried back to his residential area to find the trash can, but the trash had just been cleaned up by the garbage truck, so Ma Wei appeared to chase after him. The funny incident of the garbage truck, the driver of the garbage truck called the police, who found the necklace but took Ma Wei to the police station. The police demanded that only Cai Lingling herself could go to the police station to get the necklace back, but Ma Wei’s various explanations were useless, so he came up with a way to get Miss Sasha to pretend to be Cai Lingling and go to the police station to claim the necklace...
<br/><br/>
Ma Wei rushed left and right to send the necklace to the south, but it still delayed the jewelry company's entire publicity plan. Zhang Mingming was fired by Cai Lingling. When Zhang Mingming was frustrated, he thought of an idea to take revenge on Cai Lingling, which was the computer in the hands of Lao Lai, a car wash worker.
<br/><br/>
As a result, a series of events triggered by this string of necklaces followed one after another: Ma Wei was overwhelmed and overwhelmed; the star Cai Lingling was facing the crisis of destroying her image; Zhang Dajiang, the boss of the film and television company, is benevolent, and Ma Wei is also forced to blackmail; even the migrant workers hired by Ma Wei to play the boss of the jewelry company have changed their fate because of this incident.
<br/><br/>
All the incidents were caused by a misunderstanding, but this misunderstanding is not without reason: that is the "ghost" that is eager to move in every man's heart.