---
title: The Dance of the Summer
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/fXNiK4FekCA/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-02T19:09:01
videos: 2024-07-02-19-07-10
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Rural middle school teacher Ma Changli is very young and likes the profession of teaching very much. After graduating from university, he chose to come to a remote rural middle school to teach. But after just one year of teaching, I often face challenges: my students are often taken out by their parents to work, and the classroom is often full of people. Once a student was called away by his father to help "Qiao Zhu" on the spot, he angrily resigned.
<br/><br/>
At the same time, Zhang Gaihua, a handyman at a certain school in the city, because no school was willing to accept her son with cerebral palsy. Zhou Xiangyang had no choice but to "eavesdrop" on the remedial classes while working, and then tutor his son to help his mother run the shop when he got home. Because of cerebral palsy, he couldn't run fast, and as a result, children in the alleys often snatched things from the shop and teased him! Zhou Xiangyang also likes a high school girl who lives in the alley. However, he never dared to say a word to her.
<br/><br/>
After Ma Changli resigned, he was looking for a job in the talent market and met Zhang Gaihua who was looking for a teacher for his son. Ma Changli, who was "tricked" by Zhang Gaihua into his home, was a little frustrated when he learned that Zhou Xiangyang was a teenager with cerebral palsy. Zhang Gaihua gritted his teeth and paid a high price to keep Ma Changli, and left him the only sunny room in his house. After passing the test, Ma Changli found that the methods Zhang Gaihua taught his son Zhou Xiangyang after "stealing" were all wrong, and the problem-solving speed was very slow, so he couldn't complete the exam within the stipulated time. The mother and son decided to give up. However, Ma Changli suddenly stopped the mother and son who were going back to their hometown, and he had to spend three months with Zhou Xiangyang to go to college. This summer is the summer of Zhou Xiangyang's growth, and it is also the summer of Ma Changli, a rural teacher.