---
title: Serbia's Copper Mining Industry Has Become the Second Largest in Europe!
categories: ['News']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/T0qd2zbjgJA/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-10T09:04:15
videos: 2024-07-10-09-02-03
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
In Europe, there is one country that is significantly different from other European countries. It ignores EU and NATO relations, treats China as a good brother across the ocean, and even openly expresses its love for the Chinese. Especially in 2019, when the United States tried to isolate China on the international stage, the president of this country made it clear that he would not stop any cooperation with China and resolutely opposed any attempt to decouple from China. This country is "Serbia".
<br/><br/>
In fact, since 2016, the two countries have reached many important agreements. Among them, China helped Serbia build the Hungary-Serbia railway and E763 highway projects. These projects have greatly facilitated the travel of more than 4 million local residents. In terms of economic cooperation, the trade volume between the two sides has also increased from US$2.26 billion in 2018 to US$4.35 billion in 2023. Now, China has become one of Serbia's largest trading partners.
<br/><br/>
What's more worth mentioning is that thanks to China's help, Serbia will become Europe's second largest copper ore producer in 2023 and is expected to become Europe's leading copper ore industry by 2050.
<br/><br/>
All this makes people wonder: How did Serbia’s copper mining industry leap to the second place in Europe? What kind of support do Chinese companies provide?