---
title: The Angel-The Prescription
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/KB8pOcwbtXo/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-05T09:05:08
videos: 2024-07-05-09-03-08
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Chen Jumei, an 89-year-old veteran military doctor at the No. 302 Hospital of the People's Liberation Army, encountered a major crisis. Her wife, a tick-borne disease expert Chen Guoshi, suffered from rare leukemia. Several hospitals asked them to give up treatment. Chen Jumei has dealt with infectious diseases for more than 60 years, and it is the first time to treat leukemia. She wants to save her husband by herself. Pathologist Zhang Siyu and Chen Jumei have worked together for more than 40 years, and they are also trying to find a way. Thirty years ago, my colleague Wei Guodong heard that Chen Guoshi had leukemia, so he specially collected special serum and sent it to Beijing. In their youth, Chen Jumei, Chen Guoshi, Zhang Siyu, and Wei Guodong collided, adapted, understood, and took responsibility for each other under different backgrounds, making them lifelong friends.
<br/><br/>
30-year-old Chen Jumei and 28-year-old Chen Guoshi met and got married in a foreign country. The love and career of the two went hand in hand on the road of inspirational growth. They explored and sought knowledge in the field of infectious disease prevention and treatment. In the process of dealing with infectious diseases, Chen Jumei was accidentally infected by bacteria and showed signs of uremia. In her early 30s, she resolutely decided to remove the lesion. She pulled out a good tooth, cut off the appendix, and removed the flat pick body.
<br/><br/>
Against a turbulent historical background, Chen Jumei devoted herself to researching drugs for treating hepatitis, which has benefited tens of millions of people for more than 50 years. Having experienced extraordinary times and ups and downs in a special period, Chen Jumei, who has entered an octogenarian age, said with emotion: "The thing between life and death..."
<br/><br/>
Being indifferent to fame and fortune, being a great doctor with sincerity is the highlight of her life trajectory.