---
title: Days and Nights in Wuhan
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/tC1T_zaFO8o/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-01T13:52:58
videos: 2024-07-01-13-50-51
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
At the beginning of 2020, the new crown pneumonia epidemic broke out. On January 23, Wuhan closed the Lihan channel. 9 million people in Wuhan, together with front-line personnel from medical systems and other industries across the country, started the fight against the new crown pneumonia epidemic in Wuhan! The content of "Wuhan Day and Night" comes from the thousands of hours of material that more than 30 local photographers in Wuhan have been shooting on the front line of the epidemic for several months since the beginning of the epidemic. The film takes the medical staff and patients in the intensive care unit of the hospital as the main line, and the volunteers who transport pregnant women late at night as the auxiliary line, showing the touching stories of fighting against the epidemic and fighting against the god of death. Life and death, watch and help each other, and overcome difficulties together.
<br/><br/>
In all the darkest moments, there will always be light in my heart. All the Arabian Nights are worth nothing. All insignificant things contain the power of life. Under the epidemic, day and night in Wuhan, there are not only empty streets, but also figures living hard, and even new students who "break out of the cocoon". They are fearless and welcome the sun. In this heroic city, 9 million people will continue to usher in mornings and evenings. Their faces, blurred and clear. Their names are ordinary and unique. Their lives are ordinary and important.