---
title: Swordsman Spring and Autumn
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/C36Z0jcuUks/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-18T07:23:22
videos: 2024-07-18-07-22-00
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
At the end of the Warring States Period, the beacon fires rose again and again, and the people were struggling to live. Gone is the golden age when a hundred schools of thought contended for wisdom. There is a master swordsman named Zhongshan Boyou. His greatest wish is to use his life to comprehend the way of the swordsman and compile "Zhongshanzi Swordsman", so that the swordsman can become a master of Confucianism, Mohism, Taoism and Law. One of the hundred families, it is worthy of the sword family. Zhongshan Sword Museum is famous for cultivating professional swordsmen. Most of the famous generals, samurai, assassins, and bodyguards in various dynasties came from Zhongshan, and were famous for their superb skills and dedication to work. Gongsun Xiaobai and Lu Goujian, the proud disciples of Master Zhongshan, have achieved the true inheritance of the Master, but their philosophy of enlightenment and professional creed are completely different. The development of different fortunes made the two brothers who grew up together as siblings eventually become rivals. In the face of the tragic deaths of friends Jing Ke and Gao Jianli, the lover who was slaughtered by the Qin army, and the souls of countless grievances, Gongsun Xiaobai vowed to kill the tyrannical King of Qin; and in order to make the people after the reign of the world no longer suffer from years of wars , Lu Goujian was determined to protect the King of Qin and rule the world. The two turned against each other, which was beyond Master Zhongshan's expectations, and this seemed to represent the irreconcilable contradiction in the sword family's thinking. The life-and-death struggle between the disciples Gongsun Xiaobai and Lu Goujian made Master Zhongshan unfortunate to lose his life, and it was only before the death of the master that he truly realized the void of the so-called swordsmanship. What he wrote in his whole life (Zhongshanzi Jianjia) was finally burnt by him, and the Jianjia completely disappeared from the hundred schools since then, and what is left to future generations is the endless sadness and grief of retribution and cannibalism.