---
title: Let the Love Back Home
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/dNA_JA47s8c/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-24T22:17:54
videos: 2024-06-24-22-15-55
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
The movie tells the story of Wu Xin, a sheep herder, who had a conflict with others because of two sheep, and accidentally beat the other party to death. After being sentenced to life imprisonment, Wu Xin has been doing well in the prison for more than ten years. Relocated, Wu Xin was allowed to leave prison to visit relatives.
<br/><br/>
On Wu Xin's way home, an inmate in the prison suddenly became seriously ill and needed a bone marrow transplant to survive. The only person who could save him was Wu Xin. Because the two had matching rare blood types, Wu Xin learned of the situation Finally, promised to donate bone marrow cells after visiting relatives.
After Wu Xin returned home, he saw his mother suffering from dementia and his young daughter struggling to support the whole family. All this made Wu Xin pin all his hopes in life on his daughter, and because of this, he suddenly Refuse to donate bone marrow cells.
<br/><br/>
The day before returning to the prison, Wu Xin discovered a secret that shocked him. The "daughter" in front of him was not his own. It turned out that Wu Xin's biological daughter died of illness half a year ago, and her daughter's good friend Lingling has been playing the role of her daughter, taking care of Wu Xin's elderly mother.
<br/><br/>
On the way back to the prison, the mother of the victim who was beaten to death by Wu Xin stopped the police car. Facing the old man who lost her son, Wu Xin knelt down. took his own life.
The scene after scene shook Wu Xin's soul. After returning to prison, he voluntarily donated his own bone marrow cells to save another person's life.