---
title: Saudi Arabia Invites China to Establish C919 Aircraft
categories: ['News']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/VYPGBXMZPiw/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-16T08:36:21
videos: 2024-07-16-08-34-38
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Saudi Arabia, the world’s largest oil exporter, is striving to diversify its economy and reduce reliance on hydrocarbons. In recent years, the country has promoted local manufacturing and sought new international cooperation opportunities. In February, a high-level delegation from Saudi Arabia's civil aviation sector visited the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) in Shanghai. Saudi Transport Minister Saleh Al-Jasser toured the production facilities, noting the serious attitude toward producing reliable aircraft and the manufacturer’s interest in the Saudi region. Later this year, the Saudi aviation delegation will return for further talks and flight demonstrations. Al-Jasser mentioned that if COMAC establishes an assembly line in Saudi Arabia, it would receive support from the Ministry of Investment, aligning with efforts to localize aircraft production.
<br/><br/>
At this year’s Saudi Future Aviation Forum, Saudi Arabia invited China to collaborate on establishing a C919 passenger aircraft production line in the Kingdom. This cooperation could affect Boeing and Airbus’s market positions and bring significant benefits to Saudi Arabia. The C919 aircraft, developed by China, is priced at $90 million compared to over $130 million for similar Boeing and Airbus models. Despite production challenges, the C919 has received over 1,300 orders worldwide. To meet demand, COMAC plans to build a second production base and optimize their geographical distribution.
<br/><br/>
In May, COMAC participated in the Future Aviation Forum in Riyadh to promote the C919 and ARJ21 regional jets to the Middle Eastern market. Saudi Arabian Airlines extended a proposal to COMAC to set up a production assembly line in Jeddah. Such collaboration would support Saudi Arabia’s Vision 2030 plan to diversify its economy and integrate more effectively into the global aviation manufacturing network. Establishing a C919 production line in Saudi Arabia would boost COMAC’s cooperation with Saudi Arabian Airlines, potentially increasing annual production and benefiting the local economy through job creation and technology transfer.