---
title: China's Taichi light-based chip show the way on AI?
categories: ['News']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/LAUqNUhajLU/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-16T08:40:43
videos: 2024-07-16-08-39-05
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
In response to stringent export controls initiated by the US since 2015, particularly in the semiconductor arena, China's burgeoning semiconductor industry, symbolized by giants like Huawei and SMIC, has faced monumental challenges and opportunities for groundbreaking advancements. The restrictions, covering everything from raw materials to sophisticated design software and manufacturing equipment, have galvanized Chinese companies and research institutions to innovate beyond traditional silicon-based technologies.
<br/><br/>
Amid these challenges, China has turned its focus towards pioneering technologies such as photonic chips, which use light for data transmission and computing. These chips promise low energy consumption and reduced dependence on sophisticated lithography equipment, heralding a new era in computing technology. On April 11, a significant stride was made when Tsinghua University's teams led by Associate Professor Fang Lu and Academician Dai Qionghai published their research on the photonic chip "Tai Chi" in the journal Science. This development introduced a novel distributed breadth-light computing architecture capable of achieving a staggering 160 TOPS/W of general intelligent computing efficiency.
<br/><br/>
The "Tai Chi" photonic chip is designed to overcome the limitations faced by current integrated photonic circuits and optical neural networks (ONNs), which have been restricted by errors and scalability issues. The chip employs a universal propagation model for intelligent light computing, abandoning the deep electronic computing paradigm and enabling massive scaling up of optical neural networks to millions of neurons while improving energy efficiency.
<br/><br/>
This innovation is not just a technological leap but also a strategic maneuver in China's quest for semiconductor independence. By enhancing the scalability and computing power of photonic chips, China aims to mitigate the impact of international restrictions and redefine its role in the global semiconductor landscape. The "Tai Chi" chip's achievement in running complex AI tasks and its potential in future computing domains positions China at the cutting edge of global semiconductor technology.
<br/><br/>
As photonic technology continues to evolve, its implications extend beyond mere data processing; it promises a revolution in how future technologies such as artificial general intelligence will be powered. With its ability to perform large-scale computations efficiently and its reduced heat generation, photonic technology offers an alternative pathway that could sidestep the bottlenecks of traditional semiconductor manufacturing.