---
title: Forever Love
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/yiruA62RPrI/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-26T18:08:17
videos: 2024-06-26-18-06-45
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
The name of the movie "201314" means "love you forever", and it is a relaxed and romantic story centered on the wonderful love of three pairs of urban men and women.
The lovelorn girl Wen Wen and her girlfriends nightclub healed their wounds and met the enthusiastic man Wen Xiaogu by chance. The two began a wonderful fate because of the "alcohol splashing incident". Because they lived together on the 13th and 14th floors of the same apartment, they experienced countless times, which made people laugh and cry. , Even after informal acquaintances full of gunpowder, two people with such similar rhythms of life finally "meeted". Sister Yu Shui Ling'er became attached to Wen Xiaogu's flirtatious friend Qian Jiale because of the wonderful fate of her best friend's warmth and Wen Xiaogu's. The two are attracted to each other because of their uniqueness, and finally accept each other because of love. Miao Ke, another girlfriend who is warm and a love perfectionist, has always regarded her boyfriend Zhou Mo as a treasure. Because of the relationship crisis between the two in the future, they hold hands again because of love, and understand the true meaning of love because of happiness. Young men and women who are born in love, playboy's true love, and romantic couples who have experienced crisis, vividly describe the different stages of love, encounter, acquaintance, love, acquaintance, and staying together, telling us about love in different forms but equally touching.