---
title: Mai Mai Ti's 2008
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/tAveTuV5ClY/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-06-23T06:15:05
videos: 2024-06-23-06-13-20
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
Shawei Village is a village on the edge of the Taklama Desert. Due to changes in the natural environment, Shawei Village is facing increasingly severe challenges for survival. But in such a remote village, the villagers share a common hobby, that is football. The children here play football in the golden Populus euphratica forest and in the rolling sand dunes all the year round, and all of them have developed iron feet and good skills. All the men, women and children in the village regard football as a joy in life and a utilitarian activity. In such a happy village, the tranquility was broken by the arrival of a man named Maimaiti.
<br/><br/>
Maimaiti is a small cadre in the county. Due to accidental reasons, he was sent to Shawei Village. Maimaiti was extremely reluctant and uneasy. Because of their football talent, in order to organize a football team, Maimaiti created a big white lie, claiming that if the football team in Shawei village can win the championship in the region, these children will go to the opening ceremony of the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games. Maimaiti's irresponsible joke caused an uproar. A beautiful lie ignited the Olympic dreams of men, women and children in Shawei Village. The whole village was mobilized to realize the children's Olympic dream. Maimaiti made mistakes and had no choice but to embark on the road of leading the Shawei Village Dream Football Team to the regional championship.