---
title: Tell Me a Beautiful World
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/-JCwPwbGUyc/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-04T15:48:26
videos: 2024-07-04-15-45-43
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
My name is Luo Guangming. I'm talking about my father, and talking about my mother, I picked her up.
The doctor said, I have a genetic disease and my parents are close relatives. When I was 20 years old, I gradually lost sight.
<br/><br/>
When I was not blind, I could still see people, trees, white clouds, night, and girls. Later, my eyesight was not good enough. Fate, sometimes you can't do it if you don't recognize it. I don't want to live anymore, I'm handsome, I can read, and I can recognize beautiful women. But now I'm a blind man.
<br/><br/>
I'm going to die, the dead ball won't work. I heard a baby whimpering and crying, and I picked her up, it was a mouthful. I will take this little girl home and be her father.
<br/><br/>
I named my girl Xiaoxiao. Later, when Xiaoxiao grew up, she never dared to speak, because her lips could not keep the wind out, so I changed Xiaoxiao’s name to talk about, hoping that she would talk more.
<br/><br/>
My elder brother is lame and I am blind. It is all due to my mother. I dare not blame my father. When my father dies, I will ask my mother why she wants to marry my father. I know my brother is disabled, so why do I want to marry him? After giving birth to me, my mother finally said that she likes...
<br/><br/>
Raising Shuo Shuo is really annoying. Speaking of getting older, I saved some money and took her to see a doctor. The doctor said that her disease was called cleft lip and palate, which was congenital. This disease needs to be cured many times.
<br/><br/>
She said that she likes to draw and draw all kinds of mothers, but she has never seen her mother before. She said that the mother she dreamed of was a mass of air, not a single person.
<br/><br/>
Talk about the most afraid of talking, because she can't speak clearly. After the operation, I said, talk about it, you have to use your mouth as your father's eyes, so that your father can see the world around you. "The world," I said, "is what you see, what you tell me, what I can think of."
<br/><br/>
Just start talking: a mountain, a tree, a river, and a beautiful woman. A flower, a tear, a night's dream, there is a tree far away, and a bird is flying in the sky, no matter how far away, it can't be seen.