---
title: Truth
categories: ['Chinese']
thumb: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/4qEYJNherL8/maxresdefault.jpg'
pudate: 2024-07-01T14:18:17
videos: 2024-07-01-14-17-02
author: tin-sokhavuth
---
In the spring of Northeast China, Zhang Youcai’s sows began to go into heat again this year. Zhang Youcai happily discussed with his wife that the family’s pigs could be sold at a good price this year; Zhuzi and Xiaofen are young people from the village who went to work in the city. , Xiaofen has been sick since she was a child, and the doctor said she was infertile, so she has never been married. Xiaofen's foreman, Daming, takes extra care of her. Zhuzi often comes to visit Xiaofen after get off work, and whenever Zhuzi and Xiaofen bring up their relationship, Xiaofen always avoids it. One day, Zhuzi came to Xiaofen's dormitory to give her a cotton coat. Outside the door, he heard the sound of men and women making love, and Zhuzi left in a hurry. Zhang Youcai's sow was bitten by a boar in the breeding farm, and the breeding farm took half of the money. One night when Xiaofen was walking to the dormitory, she was insulted by someone; the sow from Zhang Youcai's family ran to Liujia and was bred. Liuxue asked for money, but Youcai refused. Two months later, Xiaofen saw Zhuzi waiting for her, so she rushed up and cried in Zhuzi's arms. That night Xiaofen gave herself to Zhuzi; After returning, Zhang Youcai found the pig in Liujia. Liu Xue believed that it was from his family's breeding pigs, because Zhang's family had white pigs, the pig farm had white breeds, Liu's family had black pigs, and the piglets were black and white. The Liu family injured and detained three piglets. Xiaofen was pregnant and was picked up by her father Liu Xue. Zhuzi also rushed back when he learned that his father Zhang Youcai was injured. The Liu family came to the Zhang family, but Zhuzi refused to admit that the child was his. The Zhang family asked the Liu family for a pig, but the Liu family refused to give it to them. In the end, everyone came up with a way to test the pig's DNA. After the veterinary hospital took the blood sample, the machine broke down and it took four months to get the result. The child was born. In order to verify whether the child was Zhu Zi, the two families went to the hospital to test the child's DNA. When he arrived at the hospital, Zhuzi refused to draw blood, and was chased away by Youcai. After testing Youcai's blood sample, it was found that the child and Youcai were directly related by transgenerational blood. The Zhang family came to propose marriage and wanted a child, but Xiaofen disagreed. She met Zhuzi by chance and subconsciously saw a scar on Zhuzi's hand, which was exactly the same as the person who insulted her... The police took Zhuzi away. Xiaofen held the child and looked at it. As the police car slowly disappeared from sight, his father Liu Xue shouted from afar, "It turned out, it came out, the pig belongs to our family..."